Make GroupKFold use a stable sort (#29496)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

- |Fix| Improve error message when :func:`model_selection.RepeatedStratifiedKFold.split` is called without a `y` argument
  :pr:`29402` by :user:`Anurag Varma <Anurag-Varma>`.

- |Fix| Make GroupKFold use a stable sort to ensure reproducability with ties in group size. 

>   This may result in different groupings than previous versions, but will now be reprodcable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This may result in different groupings than previous versions, but will now be reproducible across different machines and runs.
```
